#summary The Problems Currently Faced by SVN Tools for Maya

= Introduction =

The are a number of issues currently hampering progress on SVN Tools for Maya. These are discussed here.

= Details =

  * Locking does not work
Back in the first revision that I put on here, there was code to allow a .ma file to be _locked_ by the person using it: i.e. no-one else could commit it while they were using it (and would be informed when checking out that they could not). However, the system did not work. The problem was not with my code, but with my repository: I tried to lock a file as one user from the command line, and it still let me check it out and commit it as another user (all on the command line). I had no intention of getting into the nitty-gritty of SVN repositories, that wasn't what I wanted to spend my time doing, so I just cut out the locking mechanism completely. If anyone has any suggestions on why locking might have been playing up, do drop me a line.
  * Cannot use my plugin on a shelf
Although SVN Tools currently installs as a plug-in, the communication between Maya and the plug-in (at least when using Python in 8.5) is surprisingly difficult. Currently it is possible to start the main window and have all the actions available from there, but not to access the functions individually from the "checkout" object. Ideally what I want to do is have "Commit", "Checkout" etc buttons on the shelf, but it's looking like it's not possible without serious rearrangement of the plugin (i.e., rewriting it in a non-oo way). And I don't want to do that, if I can possibly avoid it.